docs: update docs and release notes for fused iterate-extract (PR #1458) (#1684)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: fern/versions/v26.04/pages/about/concepts/text/data-acquisition-concepts.mdx

## Overview

Data acquisition in NeMo Curator follows a three-stage architecture:

1. **Generate URLs**: Discover and generate download URLs from minimal input
2. **Download**: Retrieve raw data files from remote sources

> 3. **Iterate** and **Extract**: Extract individual records from downloaded containers and convert raw content to clean, structured text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Iterate** and **Extract**: Extract individual records from downloaded containers and convert raw content to clean, structured text.
```

### DocumentIterator

> Extracts individual records from downloaded containers. You should only override `iterate` and `output_columns` where `iterate` must have logic to load the local file path and return bunch of documents. Records are passed directly to the extractor (if provided) inline during iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts individual records from downloaded containers. Override `iterate` to load the file at the given path and yield records, and override `output_columns` to declare the output schema. Records are passed directly to the extractor (if provided) inline during iteration.
```
